- [Instructor] Now let's go ahead
and import our application into IntelliJ.
First off, let's open up a finder window
and navigate to the download section.
Let's double click to extract the files.
Then let's go ahead and open up IntelliJ.
Let's select Import Project.
Then let's select build.gradle and click Open.
Let's be sure to select the auto-import option.
Double check that the default Gradle wrapper is being used.
Then click OK.
IntelliJ will now build an index to your project.
You should see a green check mark in your build window
if it builds successfully.
Now navigate to the Project tab.
Open the build.gradle file,
and let's navigate to the dependency section.
We can verify that we have the spring-boot-starter
for mongodb-reactive and webflux.
We have several helper files for unit testing.
And we also have the dependency
for the embedded mongo library.
Now we need a MongoDB instance
to start up our application successfully.
One option is using a Docker container.
We can navigate to hub.docker.com/bitnami/mongodb.
You could use the Docker Pull Command
to pull down the image.
Then you can also use the docker run command
to run the container.
You can also pass in a -p flag to set a custom port
when you run the docker run command.
However, in this example,
we are going to use a local embedded mongodb instance.
First up, let's go into the project window,
open up main,
resources,
then open up application.properties.
Let's add in the property spring.profiles.active
is equal to local.
Let's open up our build.gradle file again.
Let's compile the embedded mongodb dependency,
but only if we are in the local profile.
Let's create an if statement.
And let's check if the project has a property local.
So let's type in project.hasProperty, in camelCase
and pass in the parameter local in single quotes.
Now let's create a dependencies block
to import the embedded mongodb instance.
So let's type in dependencies.
Then let's make this a compile time dependency.
And then let's scroll down to the embedded mongo
dependency string.
Go ahead and right click, copy,
and paste that into our local compile dependency.
Let's go ahead and save.
Then let's navigate back to the project window.
Navigate through the tree, src, main, java.
And then let's open up the package
com.linkedinlearning.reactivespring.
Let's right click on the package,
navigate to New, and select Package.
Let's name it config.
Okay, let's right click on the config package,
scroll up to New and select Java Class.
Let's name it DataConfig and click OK.
Now let's add several annotations.
Let's add a configuration annotation.
This will identify this class as a candidate
for auto-configuration in the spring application context.
Now let's add a profile annotation.
Let's pass in the parameter value
is equal to the string literal local.
Let's use the keyboard shortcut alt plus enter
to import the profile annotation.
Finally, let's add in an import annotation.
Let's pass in the parameter
EmbeddedMongoAutoConfiguration.class.
Using the keyboard shortcut command and left click,
we can view the class EmbeddedMongoAutoConfiguration.
This class will configure your application
to use the EmbeddedMongoDB.
Now finally, let's open up build.gradle.
And add in a local project property.
Let's type in project.ext.local,
and set that equal to true.
Then let's save.
Now let's right click on the class
ReactivespringApplication
and select run.
Let's open up the run window.
And we can see our embedded MongoDB getting started up.
If we scroll to the bottom we can see that our application
has started up successfully.